it's junior officer aboard your ship before it's gonna be very important
for you to earn the trust and respect of men and women in your division.
One of the easiest things to do for that is to get up. Get out
of your state, out of the water, Out of a longer go along the debts
off your personnel, Go follow the messages of the watch. And I'm
not just talking about your initial qualifications that you would have
to do is part of your peak US, your personal qualifications stand
personal qualifications system, US points. Am I talking about getting
points? I'm talking about getting up and you know you want to turn
in for the night. You got one more hour of rack time or do you want
to go walk to death? You'll find the message of the watch will climb
down light mine shaft bearing, you know, go take the loot wall temperatures.
Okay. And do that for everyone. Chef. Bearing on your ship,
that is easy. Just walking the deck management by walking around,
walking around and checking out on what you're moving. So you actually
learn it's important for you to learn your ship. Every ship is
different to lead out a little bit different. All of ships line. They're
supposed to be laid out the same, but some are not. It is you're
in from bad it is. You have to go down to a given space and check
something else with flooding damage control. The only way to do that
is by walking around. What better way to hurt? You know, trust and
respect of your personal else by walking it with another example You
give not a divisional officer level, but a za chief engineer. We're
getting ready to launch the RHIB and your every ship will have away
boat. In this case, most of them are The Ridge Way had just gotten
to the ships. So we had to launch the RHIB, while part of a few of us
for that is you tested once. Well, there's a conflict in the instructions.
The post in base at just the engine. What a gas. The plant
maintenance system is Do not test. Without water forming on the most
middle watch could have damaged the ship. Once that was explained to
may, we wrote a procedure to take care of that and get it. And the
A gator Very happy for you that the ship won't be damaged. Everything
And that he put the word out. The engineer stuck on for the egg angers
over with Postmates. So engineers win. Engineer Score one. Most
amazing. So I was for my dough, But just there's gonna be a lot of
examples. Where? Mushroom walking a while. You won't find these examples.
If you stay in your state grow if you stay in the wardroom. Okay.
You're not gonna want your shit. You're not gonna that it is not
a good way to start your career. You want to walk around, You want
to know your ship, You want to know?